Wars a topic I don't see why people say
like when babies are well cute when
they're like only a few months old
they're not cute they look like a potato
and how can you find something like that
only eat sleeps
shit cries and snot somewhere cute if I
done that I'll get put into a mental
asylum my dick doesn't beat once a month
you don't feel like shit you've got good
old willpower
you've got good blue pass taste good
co-tenant you're lactose intolerant peak
wall that lactose free milk idiot yeah
well still topic of milk like if you
don't have green milk in your house
you're a fucking weirdo blue milk is
basically single cream and red milk is
just white water this one's for Tom
because he's Jewish
are you Jewish because you Israeli fine
I know I've been stung by B when I was
younger but I felt quite bad because
when I realized like it would die it's
quite pink the bees in it because like
if they sting you they're dead de d dead
sick icarly is the shit a fair play to
the Freddie lad for getting out the
friendzone
what's the blonde gal Sam she's a bitch
yeah she's hot but she's a bitch
I think I killed it
I've got white sphere sevens if it's
like your first week or something and
you ask a year 11 we're like your
classes go in the opposite direction
that they say they will always point you
in the wrong direction and your powers
are too big and a little heads up George
shoots Lennie I don't know why nothing I
sort of thought they look like crocodile
shoes I don't know why like I don't know
even know what that means but I know
that was legit my first thought they
look like the shoes like you'd get given
if you forgot your shoes in PE England's
England's weather is like a girl on her
period mood swings man oh hi thanks for
watching stay good and subscribe and
like and follow his Instagram